Little brother, you can't do this to me!
Like a woman who crawls into a man's bed before marriage
What's the difference between that bitch Sunan?
If you don't see that you still have a little maze value
Kick Du Yucheng
I am the second miss of the Su family
Aren't you afraid that I will take revenge on you?
Miss of the Su family
Do you think the Su family still dares to recognize it?
You exposed the secrets of the Su family
Kick out of the Su family
That's not possible.
Hello
Dad?
What's the matter with you calling me back in such a hurry?
Who made you talk nonsense online?
If you say something, just say something
Why are you hitting your child?
You hit me?
What did I do wrong?
The three brothers of the Su family share a woman
Did you say that?
I said so.
So what?
I'm telling the truth.
Screenshot Su Mingchun, they look down on me
And that bitch hit me
I posted their bracelets online. Why?
Are idiots raised outside?
There is no appearance of Miss Su at all
What makes you say that about our daughter?
And you.